all right so this is sequence 12
Commission to the last mission and to
the last sequence and so the optional
objectives are stay within the range of
350 meters and do not share with anyone
during the chase and do not take any
fire damage okay and I believe you have
to complete all the constraints in one
playthrough as well so what you want to
do is basically find Li right now by
using your ego vision let's use your ego
vision you have to press l3 so after the
cutscene is going to start running and
you want to start running as well okay
so and chase starts what you want to do
is both this group barrels to the left
to avoid explosion from the right and
what you want to do is expect Charles
Lee to knock over that guard so you can
go around them after that you just make
a quick ride over here to avoid those
two yards and then you're gonna make a
quick left to avoid those guards and
what you want to do from here on is jump
the Attic diagonally to this part right
here and make sure you don't shove
anyone still until you pass the boat the
small boat which is this so after that
you finish one of the first optional
objectives there it is
and now you don't want to take any fire
damage still with it and still run keep
up with Charles Lee within the range of
so from here on all you want to do is
make a right
climb up up up up up up then make a
quick left and swing and they're gonna
strut for a bit there we go and jump
over this make a quick left and you
don't want to worry about being in the
same level as Charles Lee because you're
gonna cut one of those ropes that that
makes you like fly you see what I mean
right about now this does this thing
that and after that it's pretty easy
from here on out all you want to do is
chase them want to make sure that you
don't fold down I almost did right here
and just keep chasing until it turns
into a cutscene and you did it yeah that
was the hardest part so after that you
just find the stairs because you can't
jump because you hurt yourself so you
walk up those stairs and just make your
way to the yellow objective and you
finish the last mission to the last
sequence of the story and there it is
cutscene so I just skip this cutscene to
show you that it I got full synchro but
having Maura Bambara boom there it is